Lord Du, go get a name and bury Cheng Xian
Of course you can close the net.
Insure amount immediately
You will except for the granary.
full opening loan
Got this one for 10 billion yuan
streets and alleys
Sir
Immediately send troops to take over Mingjiang Chengma
All regulations
No appearance at all
Violator beheaded
The various city sects of Mingjiang City were heavily punished
all
not allowed to appear
Obey the will of the lord
The lord and the officer are still a little worried
As my lord said before
If you open the warehouse to put grain
I am afraid that the grain warehouse will have enough food
Grain merchants in the city suffered hard for a few days
I am afraid that once the grain warehouse is sold out
What should I do then?
Lord Du
Have you forgotten that there is still a batch of town grains outside the city?
Zhao Qianhan
The four families of Lin will be entrenched in Lin for a hundred years
power setback
Is afraid
Do you know that the granary needs food?
They know.
They can understand
But those out-of-town grains
Shang and local small farmers in Linjiang City
They can wait
Sell first, sell later, bankruptcy will not sell
Then lose a row of one cent of grain
Success or failure, Lord Du
If it were you
How do you choose
Humph
Conspiracy can block
wool
The officer will report it now
Hey wait
What other orders does the lord have?
Not much grain in the granary
Don't sell too fast.
Let people queue up to buy
It also needs to be registered one by one.
When the news is released to the outside world, it is said that His Majesty has ordered
Zhengcai has 100,000 and the grain has been shipped to Linjiang City
this official
What I hate the most is the healing of those who have made a fortune in the country
This time
This official will let those who have made a fortune in the country heal
All bankrupt
The limit order may be 10 days.
Maybe half a month.
It all depends on my mood
Adults are very unique
A businessperson meets an adult
After ten lifetimes of blood noodles
This time, it may have fallen sharply twice in Linjiang City
This kind of grapevine
The name of the foreign beam club
Lord Shangguan, you missed it
You still don't understand human nature in the first half
Grain merchants from out of town
Do not hesitate to sell a house across dozens of miles
The loss on the road is more than 1/10.
Plus the cook's swaying daily wages
Make money every time you go
Their costs are being deducted.
Even if they don't sell it hard
Then it's another batch of high costs.
Now for them
A little bit of wind blows the grass roots
That's the wind
See you soon for peace
The most powerful thing in this game is to step on the sales road
The one who shoots first can still make money and then shoots
Humph
eldest son
You probably won't sell your slaves one day
The servant will count the money for you, hahaha.
Does this son look like that kind of person?
Then why don't you read the money well for this young master?
If you don't squeeze it well
Then you have to think